Good afternoon, it's starting one more.
Questions and answers for you send it there
that I want to answer clear laura may
bake the meatballs instead of frying
It's going to be a bit different because
She will not look so golden, but she
It's good that the infallible recipe Julia
freire
Of course you can say júlia freire to
consistency is a bit different
so it will look more dry than
with curd cheese but will be good
any way
Dear looks it 's a very good question
very smart, I liked it
enough
is the following the filet mignon is very easy
to please everyone so it's not that it 's a
Logically recipe a technique without
recipe help to get better but a
good cook who knows how to make a good
liver, for example
I love liver to make you have difficulties
only reinforced this way with a
little the cookie is
delicious to eat with mashed potatoes
then it goes to customer's liking if you
You're making dinner for a lot.
people would do it with the filet mignon because
guaranteed success
now in the daring to show that you
can cook make a liver well done
It's a good challenge. Want to know if you 're going?
use all your techniques you just
Wishing I taught you not
Use that game later, we'll go
do a series in the direct to the subject only
with cuts in honor of you a sound
She knows I like it so much.
potato story that passes more
pierced and devote the bitter sour
of potato
cut it in 3 for example and fry the
a crisp crispy just with
that crispy taste with enough
kafka then you can enjoy
including this potato peel to eat
This way I 'm telling you not to
has problem can trace all like
kernel to shell we all like people
It's a dredge now that I 've been too long.
Nice My Pepper Microphone By
please subscribe to the channel and send more
ask questions photograph cost
share we want everything we are
exaggerated bold comes that has come to
the word of mouth that has